Update docs with new images (#13454)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/identity.mdx

For example, a user with accounts in both GitHub and LDAP can be mapped to a
single entity in Vault with two aliases, one of type GitHub and one of type
LDAP.

![Entity  overview](/img/vault-identity-doc-1.png)

> However, if both aliases are created on the same auth mount, say

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if both aliases are created on the same auth mount, such as
```

a Github mount, both aliases cannot be mapped to the same entity. The aliases can

> have the same auth type, say Github, as long as the auth mounts are different, and 

Reviewer: Not sure if you need to say Github here again since it's obvious we're using Github as an example. I'll let that up to you.

Author: oh yeah fair point, removed 78921c4
